README.md, before:

## Right of Way Rentals
This is a car rental reservation application for DePaul SE352/452.

[![Build status](https://badge.buildkite.com/5f6feaa90aee763d56023c744c858ffe0840c978e7bb593da1.svg)](https://buildkite.com/depaul-university/right-of-way-rentals-pipeline)

<br/>
## Tools

| Tool                                                                                    | Used for           | commands      |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------|---------------|
| [IntelliJ](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/)                                             | Code Editor        |               |
| [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/)                                           | Manage Git         |               |
| [GitFlow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow) | Branching Strategy | refer to link |
| [SonarLint](https://www.sonarsource.com/products/sonarlint/)                            | Clean code         | IDE plugin    |



<br/>

Commit message:

M2 - SQL / Persistence Layer (#5)
* ROWR : configure buildkite for CI
* Feature/repository_and_models
* Updated features/models
* Added Pojo's
* Adding repository code and integration tests
* prod db integration

Co-authored-by: Bryan Lee <43627550+thisnotBryanL@users.noreply.github.com> & el2030

README.md, after:

## Right of Way Rentals
This is a car rental reservation application for DePaul SE352/452.

[![Build status](https://badge.buildkite.com/5f6feaa90aee763d56023c744c858ffe0840c978e7bb593da1.svg)](https://buildkite.com/depaul-university/right-of-way-rentals-pipeline)

<br/>
## Tools

| Tool                                                                                    | Used for           | commands      |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------|---------------|
| [IntelliJ](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/)                                             | Code Editor        |               |
| [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/)                                           | Manage Git         |               |
| [GitFlow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow) | Branching Strategy | refer to link |
| [SonarLint](https://www.sonarsource.com/products/sonarlint/)                            | Clean code         | IDE plugin    |


## How to spin up via docker-compose
- In root directory, build the application image by executing `docker build -t rowr:latest .` 
  - The image is now available locally. To confirm, execute `docker image ls`
- 'cd' into `infra` directory
- run `docker-compose up -d`
- To verify the application is up/running - `docker ps` 
- To view application logs - `docker logs app [-f]`
  - `-f` to hang the terminal / follow along with logs
<br/>
